1. AI Engineer related experience
      - Evaluation: TAIDE (Taiwan AI Dialogue Engine), I play the role that who focus on how to eval the model perform on Taiwan Knowledge includes but not limited on Taiwan QA, Political bias, Safety of Nation and Social bias. Also design and survey the indicator for benchmark the model on serval capability. To make the job more effectively, I also help to implement the fundamental ML Ops for our team, that includes eval after training, report generation and data processing pipeline. due to the lack of data to eval the model, we also need to implement a dataset that Taiwan Knowledge QA (with Vision).
      - Model usage experience: I Play with serval online models like ChatGPT, Grok, Gemini, Claude, etc..., also with offline model like bloom, Llama, Alpaca, Gemma and Qwen and not limited on those. But it isn't matter how many model I have play it before, I would able to identify the personality and limitation of those model by talking and I also have a research about how to use ChatGPT to identify target user background by sharing a story or some details about the user. the info indeed provide details on low level surface that help me to discover more about the user.
      - Model training: I have trained several model for an LLM Judge, including a Bert-based context extraction model for evaluate model outputs with against QA pairs, In this setup, the model is given a question with four options and must provide an answer without relaying on additional information. However, some LLMs fail to follow the rule and instead respond in their own style. To address this, we need to design a system capable of either extracting the relevant context or classifying the responses to ensure more reliable result. 
2. The development stack
      - In frontend stack, I have work with Svelte, React and Node.js to develop POS, RAG System and AI Deep Search before ChatGPT and Google Release. 
      - Backend stack, often to use Python with FastAPI; Node.js with koa, react; also Go with gin to develop LLM API, data processing API or IoT API. 
      - Server stack that I am familiar to Windows Server and Linux (Debian based and CentOS).
      - Visualization stack would like to use Docker, Kubernetes, podman or orbstack,  specifically with containerd
      - The CICD Stack, GitHub Action, Jenkins
3. I'm fine with reading and writing, good at speaking and listening. I'm able to write technical report or read some finance report. Is not prefect but I'm still keep learning it, even talk to ChatGPT almost every night. btw, I didn't use ChatGPT in kind to refine or rewrite the response it would help you to known how I talk and writes.